what's up guys this is going to be a
video explaining how NBA 2k12 cheats you
how to K cheats you alright so basically
what happened was Chris Humphries passes
the ball here
- what's his name Brook Lopez and he
gets fouled
he gets blocked by Josh Smith but they
say it's an and-one
so I'm gonna show you the instant replay
right here so you can look at it I'm
gonna play it normal and then I'm gonna
play it in slow motion so as you can see
right there the ball clearly did not go
in it got blocked by Josh Smith I'm just
gonna show it one more time in slow
motion so they're blocked
it did not even make contact with the
basket at all just it got blocked by
Josh Smith and it sure as hell was not
gold sending either cuz look at that he
comes down on it so that's not
goaltending either so basically I'm just
fed up with this 2k Bowl this 2k
and you know they're always
trying to cheat you somehow and my
player you know this is my player right
now this isn't a quick game to my player
so of course they're gonna cheat me you
know and just so you know it's an n1 I'm
gonna resume it so you can see Brook
Lopez shooting the three drills see
there it is is he he makes you see makes
the free throw just to tie it up
TK just wanted burke lopez to tie it up
so that it would be tied so you know
that's just a video just one example of
how to gauge sheets in this game so uh
yeah you know 2k13 better be better than
this or I'm just gonna switch over
to live so yeah see you guys